Document custom matchers and helper modules (#2190)
rubocop-hq/rubocop-rspec: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/development.adoc

== Base class

The `RuboCop::Cop::RSpec::Base` class includes the `RuboCop::RSpec::Language` module, which provides convenient https://docs.rubocop.org/rubocop-ast/node_pattern.html[node pattern DSL] matchers that will automatically account for any xref:usage.adoc#rspec-dsl-configuration[custom RSpec DSL configuration].

For example, if the project defines https://github.com/test-prof/test-prof/blob/master/docs/recipes/let_it_be.md[`let_it_be`] as a `Helper`, then all cops will find `let_it_be` when using the `let?` matcher.

=== Language module and node pattern DSL

When writing matchers for standard RSpec constructs, always use the `Language` module's matchers rather than hardcoding method names. The `Language` module reads from the `RSpec/Language` section of the RuboCop configuration, so matchers automatically adapt to user-defined aliases.

> `RuboCop::Cop::RSpec::Base` includes `RuboCop::RSpec::Language` automatically. If you write a standalone module that needs these matchers (e.g. a mixin), include `RuboCop::RSpec::Language` explicitly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RuboCop::Cop::RSpec::Base` includes `RuboCop::RSpec::Language`. But if you write a standalone module that needs these matchers (e.g. a mixin), you should include `RuboCop::RSpec::Language` explicitly:
```
